Victor Vasarely is a world famous artist that is known for his specific style of art. His "Vasarely Musesuem" was opened in 1976 and many say this is where Vasarely was "born." In the Vasarely Muesuem there are artworks of other artists too and Vasarely himself organized where they were placed. One of the favorite artworks is a zebra worked into a carpet. This piece is an example of Vasarely's early kinetic experiments in representing space movement, time, and space illusionism. Overall Victor Vasarely was a well respected artist that has made an impact on many art lovers around the world.

Bridget Riley is one of the leading painters in the National Gallery and she does contemporary art. She is one of the most important living artists in Britain and is even renowned internationally. Once she got out of college she first "copied", studied rather than paint an exact copy, from Seurat who is another artist. It wasn't until later when she created paintings with color. She first became popular in the 1960's with her bold, black and white, geometrical, abstract paintings. She is one of the most important and influential Op Artists.

Casey Reis is an artist, educator, open source developer, and software developer. For his art he starts of by sketching an idea for whatever he wants to do and later he converts it into code. Reis started in 2012 and since then he has been featured in many differnet muesuems or festivals all around the world such as Ars Electronica in Austria or the Uijeongbu International Digital Art Festival in Korea. Casey Reis is an example of how art can change as time goes on and how artists adapt to this change.

Josef Albers was best known for his homages to the square, which he started when he was already 62 years old. He was well known for his ability to use minimal means to create extrodinary works snf his unique use of colors. Albers always stuck to one subject per artwork whether it be lines, color, or even an animal. Albers' use of squares and his use of colors went hand in hand. When Albers use squares it allowed the color to pop out more than usual. He even made very similar artworks where the only difference is a single shade of color and that single shade makes it an entirely different artwork. Known for his use of colors and his homage to the square Josef Albers is one amazing artist.

Andy Warhol has some very well known artworks such as the Cambell soup can but although his artworks were famous Warhol was quite the controversal guy. The reason is that some of Warhol's artwork was not really original because he was just copying other brands and their design of their boxes or cans. Warhol, as a persson, was very mysterious and enigmatic which only brought more attention to him. Warhol even began using a mass production idea called "Silkscreen Printing". Even though he had an interesting personality his artwork will falways be remembered.
